1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6 
1. Answer: values are “hello”, -87.8, 6 and the expressions are ‘*’, ‘+’, ‘-’, ‘/’

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
2. Answer: A string is a combination if characters, ie letters , whereas variables are mutable characters, which can be assigned different values

3. Describe three different data types.
3. Answer: The three different types of data are String, Integer and Complex.
String: Strings are sequences of character data 
Integers: Group of rational numbers 
Complex : 
Complex literals can be created by using the notation x + yj where x is the real component and y is the imaginary component.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
4. Answer: An expression is a construct made up of variables, operators, and function invocations, which are constructed according to the syntax of the language, that evaluates to a single value. Expressions allow functions to be executed, expressions also allow variables to be assigned values.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
5. Answer: Expression evaluates to a value, whereas statement does something
Ex. spam = 10 is an expression, whereas print(spam) is a statement.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam' : ‘spamspamspam’
'spam' * 3: ‘spamspamspam’

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
8. Answer: eggs is a valid variable name as ‘eggs’ in general doesn’t equate to value, whereas 100 is invalid as the number 100 actually equates to a value of 100, so assigning another number to 100 wouldn’t be possible and it’ll throw an error.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
9. Answer: Int(), float(), str()

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
10. answer: The expression is throwing an error as 99 is an integer, and only strings can be concatenated to other strings with ‘+’ . The right expression is, “I have eaten” + str(99) + “burritos” 


